talking about good struggles because the
we invite you to join us to see the
10 best moments of this week in
third fall and you can by
course comment every abortion movement
at number 10 this week this
iron from the third corner has
supported by his son maximum the arm of
silver fell on him not with all the
world over
[Music]
the moment number 9 this brainbuster of
daggers towards joe leader to save the
hair was very effective the punishment and
well dagger managed to save her cavalier moment
number 8 you are mystic scissors towards
out to be able tobin doing some very
known
out the number 7 time that's how
they left without hair the last
gladiator a very hard impact
in the swamp of the ebro
the moment number 6 what in japan in
against ravens he knows him very well
painful
direct to the most famous and this goat dora
of centurion on impulse as you double
on the back impulses
90 number 4 this key a great teacher
blue panther takes out the surrender of hell
why
It is a key d
us from the beginning
but you're throwing yourself on it in the
first row
to praise on the third string is already
in public order it does not cost you back
different moments number two from
everything high impulse is thrown to fall
about centurion
the comment to a leader knees
repentant is late or early and the
number one moment from the top
as it falls on the head of the junior flyer
super cinnamon our duty may have
a cervical lesion
but plastic
mess up the flying mask not all
is also in the fight
greetings and here
partner and also other lives like
pisa jack evans
[Music]